What's the starting price for this broken cabinet today?
The starting price for this lot is 100,000
Hey, it's going to be difficult to get married
Bid too high
You may not be able to buy it.
The bid is too low
I look down on my trump card shining too fast
Maybe you can't get it yet.
The dragon head stick of the Chen family used to be green
Order Jiang Wuzhi
He used to think, but now he has ended up with a tiger
Phoenix falling into the water
Mengzhou Chen Family bid 5 million
No, who said they were going to drown the Jiang family just now?
5 million now
If you want such an adult to have no money
Did you just pull my Jiang family to brush the toilet?
I said 15 million
It's going to be a blast.
Look at how I, Mr. Jiang, got married
15 million and one
Are you ashamed?
Collect a fucking dollar
20 million Jiang Shaowei
20 million and one yuan
You want to take care of me too
I give 30 million
30 million and one yuan
You also want to clean up Lao Tzu
Lao Tzu paid 40 million
Add it, little naughty
Xiaotao little naughty little naughty
I will pay 100 million
It is impossible for the family to have a cash flow of no more than 5 million
If there is no boss, I will give you the key book.
Up to 25 million
That's right.
Then pay 100 million